feat(adding new conditions doc): added new alert conditions doc, edit… (#15700)
newrelic/docs-website: src/content/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/alert-conditions/alert-conditions.mdx

---

> title: Alert conditions

Reviewer: This title could convey what the doc has you do. i think 'Modify alerts with conditions' or something to that effect that is more active/action oriented

</figcaption>

## Create a new alert condition [#create-alert-condition]

An alert condition is a continuously running query that measures a given set of events against a defined threshold and opens an [incident](/docs/alerts-applied-intelligence/new-relic-alerts/alert-policies/specify-when-alerts-create-incidents/) when the threshold is met for a specified window of time.

This example demonstrates manually creating a new alert condition using the **Alert condition details** page. But there are a lot of ways to create an alert condition. You can create an alert condition from:

* [A chart](/docs/tutorial-create-alerts/create-an-alert/)
* [A policy page](https://one.newrelic.com/nr1-core/condition-builder/policy-entity)
* [The **Alert coverage gaps** page](https://one.newrelic.com/alerts-ai/detection-gaps/)

You can also use one of our alert builders:

* Use **Write your own query** to build alerts from scratch
* **Use guided mode**

For all methods except for our guided mode, the process for creating an alert condition will be _exactly_ the same as described in the steps below.

<Steps>
<Step>
### Set your signal behavior

> In this example, imagine that your team manages the `WebPortal` application for an e-commerce site. You want to be alerted of any latency issues.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In this example, imagine that your team manages the `WebPortal` application for an ecommerce site. You want to be alerted of any latency issues.
```

https://docs.newrelic.com/docs/style-guide/word-choice/usage-dictionary/#e words

1. Go to [one.newrelic.com > All capabilities](https://one.newrelic.com/all-capabilities) > **Alerts & AI**.
2. Select **Alert Conditions** in the left navigation.
3. Click on the alert condition you want to edit.

From there, you will see the **Alert conditions details** page. This page contains all the elements you set when you created your condition. You can edit specific aspects of the alert condition by clicking the pencil in the top right of each section.

### Signal history [#signal-coverage]

Under **Signal history**, you can see the most recent results for the NRQL query you used to create your alert condition. For this example, you would see the average `pageviews` on the `WebPortal` app for the specific time frame you've set.

For all alert conditions built with NRQL queries, the **Signal history** will be presented with a line chart.

Any alert condition built with a synthetic monitor will be a bit different. This is because synthetic monitors allow you to ping your application from multiple locations, which can produce positive or negative results each time the monitor runs. This data can only be presented with a table.

> ## Troubleshoot

Reviewer: Don't forget anchor tags! i also think this could use a noun 'Troubleshoot conditions' or stg
